Thank you, thank you very much.
They were all found by the Zhao people who sent them away for illegitimacy.
Madam, don't be angry. It's strange and you are not feeling well.
I don’t know what some of them think.
Have to lie down or send yourself that mountain man often.
The separation is still happening in bed.
When she arrived, she said she wanted to send an illegitimate child to commit crime.
This is the most expressive.
That can't be remembered. Shortly after Zhao Baiming's biological identity was confirmed.
Zhao Yan fell into the water.
It's okay to start this station when the surname is ashamed.
I remember that it was a little girl who met Zhao Baixing at that time. Remember what happened?
Why didn't Perth return this disaster to Jian Si?
But I have suffered so much in the Fang family
I remember the little girl who rescued Mr. Shao was very sad.
There is a trace
Hey, it will be the same today
I saw Song Citian was very sad
There is also a trace
It’s nothing like the one who saved Mr. Shao back then.
you mean
I saved three people back then
Sword sword cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut
Cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut
Cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut